[Docs] Small Updates (#2311)
vllm-project/llm-compressor: docs/getting-started/choosing-scheme.md

| Scheme | Precision | Targets | GPU | Min. compute capability | Use case |
|--------|-----------|---------|-----|-------------------------|----------|

> | **W4A16/W8A16** | 4 or 8 bit weights, 16-bit activations | Weights | Ampere | 8.0 | Memory reduction on older hardware |

Reviewer: we don't have a W8A16 kernel that doesn't need ampere really?

> | **W8A8-INT8** | 8-bit integer | Weights and activations | Turing | 7.5 | Broad compatibility |

Reviewer: but we have a W8A8 one?

## FP8 quantization

FP8 (8-bit floating point) provides an excellent balance between compression and accuracy on Hopper-class and newer GPUs.

> FP8 can be applied using any quantization algorithm (RTN, AWQ, GPTQ), allowing you to choose the accuracy-performance tradeoff that best fits your use case.

Reviewer: saying it like this implies that the algorithms change the inference speed, not the compression speed.

```suggestion
FP8 can be applied using any quantization algorithm (RTN, AWQ, GPTQ), allowing you to choose the accuracy-effort tradeoff that best fits your use case.
```

See [FP8 weight and activation quantization](/examples/quantization_w8a8_fp8/) for more information.

## FP4 quantization (NVFP4/MXFP4)

4-bit floating point formats provide maximum compression on Blackwell GPUs, with 4x reduction compared to FP16.
FP4 can sometimes provide good results with RTN algorithms for fast quantization, but potentially improved recovery can be gained using GPTQ or AWQ.

- **NVFP4**: is NVIDIA's native 4-bit format with block-wise scaling
- **MXFP4**: Microscaling FP4 format for cross-platform compatibility

## Compression Formats

> Each quantization scheme corresponds to a particular quantization or sparisty compressor, which dicates

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each quantization scheme corresponds to a particular quantization or sparsity compressor, which dictates
```
